Redux

Redix is a predictable state container for javascript apps.

Is for javascript apps(Not a type of react) 
can be used with angular etc.

Redux stores the state of your application 
Stores and manage the application state

Redux is predictable 
State of application can change 
In redux, all state transition are explicit and it is possible to keep track of them

The changes to your application state becomes predictable. 

Use to manage the state of appliaction in a predictable way.

React +  Redux

To share the state through various components in comnent tree, it gets harder 
as in react some times compoent tree grows wide. 
Here redux comes..

In redux, state is kept out of components hence can only be sheared with require
components rather goiny through whole tree.

React and redux both work independently.
React-redux is a librery to combine them them both. 
 
Generally redux is used where the number of componenst are in react. 



To use redux
1] Make sure you have install node and npn in your system.
2] Run commend npm init -y in your terminal. 
3] Now install redux by running command "npm install redux" 

you are ready to go. 

Core Concepts
1] Store - Holds the state of your application. 
2] Action - Describe what happened.
3] Reducer - Ties the store and action together

A stores yhat holds state of application. 
An action that describe the changes in the state of the application 
A reducer which actually carries out the state transition depending on the action. 


Principles

1] The state of your whole application is stored in an object three within a single store
Maintain our application state in a single object which would be managed  by redux store 

2] The only way to change the state is to emit an action, an object describing what happened
To update the state of application, you need to let redux know about taht with action.
Not allowed to directly updte the store object. 

3] To specify ho wthe state tree in trensfrmed by action, you write pure reducers
Reducer - (previousState, action) => newState. 

<<< FLOW CHART >>>


Syncronous Action
As soon as an action was dispatch, the state was immediately updated.

Async Actions
Asynchronous API calls to fetch data from an end point and use that data in yous application. 








